Please read this. It is a game design. Do not do anything yet, apart saying if you understood, feel free to make a suggestion, but wait for my further instructions please.    

It's a single player game, played within and within the limitations of second life. It is a tower defense game. The main object will be the game surface and controls game flow. The goal of the game is to reach the highest level and score before losing all lifes. A life is lost when a monster walker reaches each destination. Each level consists of a single wave. Each wave consists of 20 monster walkers, that are released with a 5 second interval. The level is complete if either all monster walkers reached its destination, or are killed (as in, loses all life points by one or multiple shots by towers). The walkers are rezzable objects and simply named WALKER<N> where <N> represents the level. The player can click the board and create a base tower, if that spot is available to build on. On our 30x50 game grid, one tower can be build on each square. His or hers first selection will be to specialize a type, for example energy plant, defending tower or attacking tower. Towers can detect monster walkers using a a selection of methods, including for example llSensor* and llCastRay. Walkers perform a preset path and are allowed to ignore objects, all they do is count their life points and send a message over chat when their run is completed succesfully, that message simply being '-1 life' to indicate a fail.
    
There'd be some scripted main board, able to rez items. The first type are towers the second type are monsters. 

Main tower defense script GAME_ENGINE
It is a game script for second life written in LSL. Please generate skeleton code according to the following description:
It is played on a 30 x 50 board. Face 0 of root prim is the game surface. If the user clicks the root board while the game is in progress, and the square is not already occupied, a dialog is presented with the YES and NO option. When the user selects YES and has sufficient funds, game object GAME2 is rezzed on clicked location. A list is kept of rezzed GAME2 objects. Also, a integer list of size y keeps integers with binary encoded x coordinate, as being occupied or not.
It is a single player game. On touch, a dialog will show with start game, pause and stop game options. On start game, variables are cleared and the game timer is started with a 1 second interval.
On timer, if the last_rez_timestamp has over 5 seconds delta, and there are less than 20 GAME_WALKER items counted, rez the inventory object GAME_WALKER_OBJECT and increase the GAME_WALKER_COUNTER.
The player starts with 100 funds, 10 lifes, 100 shield and 100 energy, and gets one fund per time tick (per second), and one life per level. Levels are loaded from a notecard named 'LEVELS' and the line number corresponding to the level. The data will be a CSV parsable list, and contain a mix of string and integer parameters used for decorative purposes. Details of this data can be ignored for now. All levels will principally act the same, as in, the game just repeats itself each level: a new wave of monster walkers are spawned. When all monsters are either killed or have arrived their destination. the level increases by one and the game repeats after a small pause and a verbose message congratulating the player.
The script has a listener on an random negative integer channel. It receives messages that allow GAME_WALKER and GAME_TOWER objects to modify life, fund, shield and energy parameters. This channel parameter is communicated to the objects on rez, and also serves as game ID key (channelid).
Every 3 seconds, the current fund, life and energy parameters are broadcasted on channelid+1 in JSON format so that GAME_TOWER objects have this information.

Game object 'walker' GAME_WALKER
As part of a second life game, i need LSL script for the following: It is a rezzable object called GAME_WALKER. On rez, the object receives a chat channel as parameter. It's rez position is recorded. When the command 'start' is received, it will start a keyframed motion, which is hardcoded as list. When the motion is completed, it will return to it's rez position. The walker starts with 100 life. When on channel+3 the command 'hit <nnn>' is received, life is reduced by <nnn>. When life reaches zero or lower, it will return to the start position and enter the defeated state. In state defeated, it will listen for the command 'restart'. If the object reaches the final coordinate as defined in the keyframe list, and it has more than zero life, it will enter the state 'completed'. It will also send the message 'completed' on channel+2.

game object 'tower' GAME_TOWER
As part of a second life game, i need LSL script for the following: It is a rezzable object called GAME_TOWER. On rez, the object receives a chat channel as parameter. It listens on channel for commands calls the function ParseCommand. It listens on channel+1 and receives messages in JSON format with parameters for funds, lifes, shield and energy. It starts as a general building, and has a dialog that allows the user to upgrade to ENERGYPLANT, DEFENSETOWER or ATTACKPOWER. Each cost 50 funds. Each tower can upgrade to the next level for 500 funds. When a tower is upgraded, the attack power, energy generation or defense capability is doubled. When funds change, the change is notified on channel+2. It is suggested to use states for each tower type.
If the object is ATTACKTOWER, a radar is set up to detect items in a 0.1*LEVEL lindenmeter range, 360 degree, for scripted objects. When an object is detected, function detectedGameObject is called.
If the object is DEFENSETOWER, each minute a message on channel+2 is sent with the message 'LIFE + <LEVEL>'.
If the object is ENERGYPLANT, each 5 seconds a message on channel+2 is sent with the message 'ENERGY + <10*LEVEL>'.
The cost for upgrading starts at 500 funds, and multiplies with sqrt(2) each time.
When no data is received on channel for 1 minute, or when the message 'gameover' is received, enter state completed.



